README.md, before:

# Turtle Data Collector
 
## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

# About 
The project receives data and then outputs it as a bar graph.

This project is designed to receive data and visualize it as a bar graph. It serves as a powerful tool for data visualization and analysis, helping users gain insights from their data through interactive and visually appealing graphs.

# Features
- [Spektraincfrontend.py] The User inputs the data in the front end which organizes the data in their dedicated variables. 

- [Dataext.py] Data gets organized and counted by the data backend using a count function.

- [Spektraincfrontend.py] The front end collects the values from the data backend.

- [spektraincbackendext.py] The turtle backend uses its functions to create an appropriate graph with colour codes to output the numeric data that is received from the front end. 

## Getting Started

- [Firstly input the data from the data table.]

### Prerequisites

- [No prerequisites]

## Usage

Explain how to use your project. Provide examples and code snippets if necessary. Include any important details about how to interact with your project.

## Contributing

Explain how others can contribute to your project. Include information about how to submit issues, propose changes, or make pull requests.

## License

This project is licensed under the [APACHE LICENSE, VERSION 2.0] - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE) file for details.
- [Ls.mc](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Commit message:

added feedback form in readme

README.md, after:

# Turtle Data Collector
 
## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

# About 
The project receives data and then outputs it as a bar graph.

This project is designed to receive data and visualize it as a bar graph. It serves as a powerful tool for data visualization and analysis, helping users gain insights from their data through interactive and visually appealing graphs.

# Features
- [Spektraincfrontend.py] The User inputs the data in the front end which organizes the data in their dedicated variables. 

- [Dataext.py] Data gets organized and counted by the data backend using a count function.

- [Spektraincfrontend.py] The front end collects the values from the data backend.

- [spektraincbackendext.py] The turtle backend uses its functions to create an appropriate graph with colour codes to output the numeric data that is received from the front end. 

## Getting Started

- [Firstly input the data from the data table.]

### Prerequisites

- [No prerequisites]

## Contributing

- [Feedback] Add feedback to the SpektraInc program here - (https://forms.gle/xi58feUErnYJeJ9v7) 

## License

This project is licensed under the [APACHE LICENSE, VERSION 2.0] - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE) file for details.
- [Ls.mc](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
